what's up guys boy scuzz 101 here we've
got another unboxing for you guys last
time we was the iphone 5 and now we have
the beats pill so basically here you got
a nice picture of the pill this is the
white one clearly says beats by dr. dre
beats pill portable stereo speaker with
bluetooth on the side here bluetooth 2.1
supporting and just basically what's in
it it has it in english french spanish
and i don't know what that languages
here they have a picture of the back of
the speaker system which has a power
button in an output bluetooth anything
in the charger and then big sound in a
portable pill and it has that in other
languages has some examples like laptop
tablet and a phone and then beat the
pill again and portable stereo steep
speaker with bluetooth so basically all
you do start is slide the cover off that
just like a flimsy box then you get this
box it says beats pill white there's
nothing else that's basically it anyway
on this side and there's this tab thing
here and basically all you do just open
it it's actually mega time it's actually
pretty nice so here let's start off
what's inside this pocket so in this
pocket you have things the brochure let
you get with every beats product the
sticker warranty info all beats by dr.
dre products then when you go into here
there's another one of the magnetized
flap things get this little box inside
it you got your your wall adapter
charger with the beats logo
grey and just in black you got the wires
you got the one to attach to your phone
iPod startup guide I got this little
clip then now we've got the pill the
funny part is it actually comes in a
like a pill style package which is
pretty funny actually well that was easy
that just peels right off and we've got
the case it's actually heavier than I
thought it would be start with the case
so I'm going to take this little clip
thing anyhow the loop and I guess you
can basically get on there so it's a
nice hard case I don't think you can
keep the wires and the na padded nice
okay now I like basically just go into
the pill comes in black red and white
first when you get it you get the
sticker basically just how to use it
take on my phone and compare it the
sizes that's the iphone 5 vs the pill
and it's really small which is actually
a pretty good thing fits in your hand
it's got a nice flat bottom so it not
just rolls around it actually stays on
the table it's actually grit you have
the button which I believe is the power
button the beats logo is a button and I
also know that it lights up right here
you cut the volume buttons of volume
down volume up oh hey this is the power
button that's probably how to activate
yeah this is how to activate bluetooth
by pressing the beats logo bar buttons
back here in out ports Bluetooth
indicator that lights up and this is for
the power cord which basically just put
that in there says uh this is beats pill
on the bottom and there's a mic so
that's basically it just remember to
click here iphone 5 unboxing i'll have a
review up soon of the iphone 5 and the
beats pill so let's look out for those
and we'll see you guys next video
you